hello welcome back to step-by-step
guitar tuition in this song workshop I'm
going to teach you how to play are you
going to be my girl by jet the intro
riff for this song features the ear
minor pentatonic scale if you're not
familiar with that skill and I suggest
you check out the pentatonic lessons in
the step-by-step syllabus let's take a
look at the first riff
start with a slide from five to seven on
the fourth string the 3rd finger pluck
and slide you've got a double stop at
the fifth fret on the second and third
strings so hold those two strings down
with your first finger pluck then your
third finger goes on fret 7 on the G on
the third string fourth finger goes fret
7 on the second string pluck the two
strings together and Bend and release go
back to the double stop fret 5 pluck the
two strings together and on the D string
a single note fret 7 twice and then fret
5 on the D string once show that again
[Music]
pull down an ear barcode at the 5th fret
so you're borrowing across the fifth get
your 2nd finger on fret 6 on the 3rd
string you got your third finger on fret
7 on the fifth string and you got your
fourth finger fret 7 on the 4th string
and you're going to strum that down down
down up up up down up down like this
down down down up down the down and
again down down down or down the Tao and
if you do that three times
and then play the previous riff